[1/1] All primary targets available:
install/strip: phony
rebuild_cache: phony
edit_cache: phony
uf2: phony
install/local: phony
size-components: phony
menuconfig: phony
flash: phony
confserver: phony
save-defconfig: phony
monitor: phony
install: phony
list_install_components: phony
uf2-app: phony
erase_flash: phony
encrypted-flash: phony
size-files: phony
size: phony
esp-idf/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/install/local: phony
esp-idf/install: phony
esp-idf/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/install/local: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/install: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/xtensa/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_ringbuf/install/local: phony
esp-idf/efuse/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/efuse/install/local: phony
esp-idf/efuse/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/efuse/install: phony
esp-idf/efuse/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/efuse/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/driver/install/local: phony
esp-idf/driver/install: phony
esp-idf/driver/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/driver/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_pm/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/include/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/everest/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/3rdparty/p256-m/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/install: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mbedtls/mbedtls/library/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_app_format/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/install/local: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/install: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/bootloader_support/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/install/local: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/install: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/bootloader/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/install: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esptool_py/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/install/local: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/install: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/partition_table/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_partition/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_update/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_update/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_update/install: phony
esp-idf/app_update/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_update/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_update/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_mm/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/install/local: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/install: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/spi_flash/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/pthread/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/pthread/install/local: phony
esp-idf/pthread/install: phony
esp-idf/pthread/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/pthread/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/pthread/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_system/port/soc/esp32/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_rom/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/hal/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/hal/install/local: phony
esp-idf/hal/install: phony
esp-idf/hal/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/hal/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/hal/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/log/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/log/install/local: phony
esp-idf/log/install: phony
esp-idf/log/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/log/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/log/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/heap/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/heap/install/local: phony
esp-idf/heap/install: phony
esp-idf/heap/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/heap/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/heap/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/soc/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/soc/install/local: phony
esp-idf/soc/install: phony
esp-idf/soc/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/soc/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/soc/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hw_support/port/esp32/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/freertos/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/freertos/install: phony
esp-idf/freertos/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/freertos/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/freertos/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/freertos/install/local: phony
esp-idf/newlib/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/newlib/install/local: phony
esp-idf/newlib/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/newlib/install: phony
esp-idf/newlib/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/newlib/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/install/local: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/install: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/newlib/port/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/cxx/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/cxx/install/local: phony
esp-idf/cxx/install: phony
esp-idf/cxx/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/cxx/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/cxx/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_common/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_timer/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/install: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_trace/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_event/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/install/local: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/install: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/nvs_flash/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_phy/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/vfs/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/vfs/install/local: phony
esp-idf/vfs/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/vfs/install: phony
esp-idf/vfs/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/vfs/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/lwip/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/lwip/install: phony
esp-idf/lwip/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/lwip/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/lwip/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/lwip/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif_stack/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_netif/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/install/local: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/install: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/wpa_supplicant/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_coex/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_wifi/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/bt/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/bt/install/local: phony
esp-idf/bt/install: phony
esp-idf/bt/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/bt/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/bt/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/unity/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/unity/install/local: phony
esp-idf/unity/install: phony
esp-idf/unity/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/unity/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/unity/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/cmock/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/cmock/install/local: phony
esp-idf/cmock/install: phony
esp-idf/cmock/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/cmock/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/cmock/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/console/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/console/install/local: phony
esp-idf/console/install: phony
esp-idf/console/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/console/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/console/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/install/local: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/install: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/http_parser/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/install: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp-tls/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_adc/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_eth/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_gdbstub/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_hid/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/install/local: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/install: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/tcp_transport/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_client/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_http_server/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_ota/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_https_server/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_psram/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_lcd/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/install: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/protobuf-c/install/local: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/install/local: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/install: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/protocomm/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/install/local: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/install: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/esp_local_ctrl/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/install/local: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/install: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/espcoredump/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/install/local: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/install: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/wear_levelling/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/install/local: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/install: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/sdmmc/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/install/local: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/install: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/fatfs/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/install/local: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/install: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/idf_test/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/install/local: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/install: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/ieee802154/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/json/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/json/install/local: phony
esp-idf/json/install: phony
esp-idf/json/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/json/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/json/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/install/local: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/install: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/mqtt/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/openthread/install/local: phony
esp-idf/openthread/install: phony
esp-idf/openthread/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/openthread/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/openthread/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/openthread/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/install/local: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/install: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/perfmon/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/install: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/spiffs/install/local: phony
esp-idf/ulp/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/ulp/install/local: phony
esp-idf/ulp/install: phony
esp-idf/ulp/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/ulp/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/ulp/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/usb/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/usb/install/local: phony
esp-idf/usb/install: phony
esp-idf/usb/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/usb/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/usb/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/install/local: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/install: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/wifi_provisioning/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/install/local: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/install: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver_sleep_mode/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/install/local: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/install: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/common_nvs/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/install: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_get_realtime/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/install/local: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/install: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver_enable_output/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/install: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_query/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/install: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_request_https/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/install: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_wifi/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/common/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/common/install/local: phony
esp-idf/common/install: phony
esp-idf/common/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/common/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/common/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/install/local: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/install: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/admin_menu_congfi/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/install: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_handle_wifi_mode_sta/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/install/local: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/install: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/admin_into_setup/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/install/local: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/install: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/driver_gpio/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/main/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/main/install/local: phony
esp-idf/main/install: phony
esp-idf/main/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/main/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/main/edit_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/install/strip: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/install/local: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/install: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/list_install_components: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/rebuild_cache: phony
esp-idf/app_smart_config/edit_cache: phony
__idf_admin_into_setup: phony
__idf_admin_menu_congfi: phony
__idf_app_get_realtime: phony
__idf_app_handle_query: phony
__idf_app_handle_wifi_mode_sta: phony
__idf_app_request_https: phony
__idf_app_smart_config: phony
__idf_app_trace: phony
__idf_app_update: phony
__idf_app_wifi: phony
__idf_bootloader_support: phony
__idf_cmock: phony
__idf_common: phony
__idf_common_nvs: phony
__idf_console: phony
__idf_cxx: phony
__idf_driver: phony
__idf_driver_enable_output: phony
__idf_driver_gpio: phony
__idf_driver_sleep_mode: phony
__idf_efuse: phony
__idf_esp-tls: phony
__idf_esp_adc: phony
__idf_esp_app_format: phony
__idf_esp_coex: phony
__idf_esp_common: phony
__idf_esp_eth: phony
__idf_esp_event: phony
__idf_esp_gdbstub: phony
__idf_esp_hid: phony
__idf_esp_http_client: phony
__idf_esp_http_server: phony
__idf_esp_https_ota: phony
__idf_esp_hw_support: phony
__idf_esp_lcd: phony
__idf_esp_local_ctrl: phony
__idf_esp_mm: phony
__idf_esp_netif: phony
__idf_esp_partition: phony
__idf_esp_phy: phony
__idf_esp_pm: phony
__idf_esp_ringbuf: phony
__idf_esp_rom: phony
__idf_esp_system: phony
__idf_esp_timer: phony
__idf_esp_wifi: phony
__idf_espcoredump: phony
__idf_fatfs: phony
__idf_freertos: phony
__idf_hal: phony
__idf_heap: phony
__idf_http_parser: phony
__idf_json: phony
__idf_log: phony
__idf_lwip: phony
__idf_main: phony
__idf_mbedtls: phony
__idf_mqtt: phony
__idf_newlib: phony
__idf_nvs_flash: phony
__idf_perfmon: phony
__idf_protobuf-c: phony
__idf_protocomm: phony
__idf_pthread: phony
__idf_sdmmc: phony
__idf_soc: phony
__idf_spi_flash: phony
__idf_spiffs: phony
__idf_tcp_transport: phony
__idf_unity: phony
__idf_vfs: phony
__idf_wear_levelling: phony
__idf_wifi_provisioning: phony
__idf_wpa_supplicant: phony
__idf_xtensa: phony
__ldgen_output_sections.ld: phony
apidoc: phony
app-flash: phony
app_check_size: phony
bootloader-flash: phony
custom_bundle: phony
efuse-common-table: phony
efuse-custom-table: phony
efuse_common_table: phony
efuse_custom_table: phony
efuse_test_table: phony
encrypted-app-flash: phony
encrypted-bootloader-flash: phony
encrypted-partition-table-flash: phony
everest: phony
lib: phony
libadmin_into_setup.a: phony
libadmin_menu_congfi.a: phony
libapp_get_realtime.a: phony
libapp_handle_query.a: phony
libapp_handle_wifi_mode_sta.a: phony
libapp_request_https.a: phony
libapp_smart_config.a: phony
libapp_trace.a: phony
libapp_update.a: phony
libapp_wifi.a: phony
libbootloader_support.a: phony
libcmock.a: phony
libcommon.a: phony
libcommon_nvs.a: phony
libconsole.a: phony
libcxx.a: phony
libdriver.a: phony
libdriver_enable_output.a: phony
libdriver_gpio.a: phony
libdriver_sleep_mode.a: phony
libefuse.a: phony
libesp-tls.a: phony
libesp_adc.a: phony
libesp_app_format.a: phony
libesp_coex.a: phony
libesp_common.a: phony
libesp_eth.a: phony
libesp_event.a: phony
libesp_gdbstub.a: phony
libesp_hid.a: phony
libesp_http_client.a: phony
libesp_http_server.a: phony
libesp_https_ota.a: phony
libesp_hw_support.a: phony
libesp_lcd.a: phony
libesp_local_ctrl.a: phony
libesp_mm.a: phony
libesp_netif.a: phony
libesp_partition.a: phony
libesp_phy.a: phony
libesp_pm.a: phony
libesp_ringbuf.a: phony
libesp_rom.a: phony
libesp_system.a: phony
libesp_timer.a: phony
libesp_wifi.a: phony
libespcoredump.a: phony
libeverest.a: phony
libfatfs.a: phony
libfreertos.a: phony
libhal.a: phony
libheap.a: phony
libhttp_parser.a: phony
libjson.a: phony
liblog.a: phony
liblwip.a: phony
libmain.a: phony
libmbedcrypto.a: phony
libmbedtls.a: phony
libmbedx509.a: phony
libmqtt.a: phony
libnewlib.a: phony
libnvs_flash.a: phony
libp256m.a: phony
libperfmon.a: phony
libprotobuf-c.a: phony
libprotocomm.a: phony
libpthread.a: phony
libsdmmc.a: phony
libsoc.a: phony
libspi_flash.a: phony
libspiffs.a: phony
libtcp_transport.a: phony
libunity.a: phony
libvfs.a: phony
libwear_levelling.a: phony
libwifi_provisioning.a: phony
libwpa_supplicant.a: phony
libxtensa.a: phony
mbedcrypto: phony
mbedtls: phony
mbedx509: phony
memory_ld: phony
p256m: phony
partition-table: phony
partition-table-flash: phony
partition_table: phony
partition_table-flash: phony
partition_table_bin: phony
show-efuse-table: phony
show_efuse_table: phony
build.ninja: RERUN_CMAKE
clean: CLEAN
help: HELP
